---
layout: post
title: First Post!!!
comments: true
---

Frist!

Wow.  It's been a little more than 15 years since I bought this domain. I'm
too lazy to look up the actual date, but I'm pretty sure it was the previous
century ...

I kept meaning to do something with this, but **things** kept interfering.

I'll eventually&mdash;hopefully in less than 15 years&mdash;extract some of
this out into its own About page, but I need to get things started.  So, here
goes.

Shortly before I went on my mission, I started really studying the scriptures.
I liked adding comics, quotes and other things in between the pages to
highlight some point or other, or just something I found amusing.

As an example, and the only one I can really remember, is a Far Side comic
where you see a small deserted island, a palm tree and a skeleton leaning
against the palm tree. Floating up to the island are boxes labeled Acme Raft,
Acme Water, and other life saving supplies. I placed this next to the
scripture that says 'all things come to those who wait'&mdash;again, I'm too
lazy to look up the actual verse&mdash;because it amused me. But also, it was
a commentary on the fact that sometimes you don't get what you're waiting for
until after you're dead.

My mission president, Lowell Tingey, had a [scripture marking
system](http://ldsscripturemarking.com/) that I liked. This system involved
colorfully marking the edges of your scriptures as well as colorfully marking
the verses, or even sometimes whole chapters. By the time I got back from my
mission my scriptures were a riot of color and less than staid inserts. Some
of the members of the ward I returned to voiced their disapproval of my less
than respectful treatment of my scriptures. Of course, this lack of respect
was based on their values, not mine.

In any case, one Sunday after Elders Quorum I was talking to someone, and
forgot my scriptures as we walked out. By the time I got back, in just a few
minutes, my scriptures were gone. I never found them again.

Ever since then, whenever I've tried starting up a new set of scriptures,
something has happened to prevent the rebuilding of my studied scriptures.
This time I'm doing something new. This blog is part of it.

I'm using the Church's [scripture journaling tool](http://scriptures.lds.org).
You have to be signed in to use the journal option though. I also bought
myself a really nice quad from [a custom
binder](http://www.customldsscriptures.com/).

I'll be going into more details on all this in later posts. I also plan on
adding a resource page, where I will list links to sites I use for scripture
study.

That's it for now.
